{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cspthree\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16060\viewh22580\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs50 \cf2 Android Adaptive Icon for Sketch 
\f1\b0 2.2
\f0\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \
About This Resource
\f2\b0\fs30 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is an Android Adaptive Icon template that through Sketch Symbols automates the process of rendering all the sizes that need to be bundled with apps running on Android 8.0 and later. \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 The template exports foreground and background layers which are used to render adaptive icons on the device.\
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
For apps running on Android 7.1 and earlier, use the Android Legacy Launcher Icon template which is also available on applypixels.com.\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 How do I use this?
\f2\b0\fs30 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Go to the page named 
\f0\b \'91Foreground & Background Layer (Edit me)\'92
\f2\b0 . Inside this page, there are two Sketch Symbols named 
\f0\b \'91ic_launcher_foreground_\'92
\f2\b0  and 
\f0\b \'91ic_launcher_background\'92
\f2\b0 . Create your adaptive icon glyph in the foreground layer and set the background in the background layer. When you\'92re done editing, the multiple sizes will be rendered automatically in the main page. In the 
\f0\b \'91Preview Masks\'92
\f2\b0  symbol you can hide/unhide the various layer masks that Android will apply to your icon when it is run on a real device.\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li569\fi-2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 Export Option 1: 
\f2\b0 Sketch Export\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li569\fi-2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
To export all adaptive icon files, click
\f0\b  \'91Export\'92 
\f2\b0 in the Sketch toolbar. This will save out a folder named 
\f0\b \'91res\'92 
\f2\b0 to the destination you select. The file structure inside this folder follows the structure required in Android projects, so you can drag and drop the 
\f0\b \'91res\'92 
\f2\b0 folder directly in to your Android project\'92s main source folder, e.g. 
\f0\b \'91app/src/main/\'92
\f2\b0 .\cf2 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li569\fi-2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \shad\shadx0\shady50\shadr200\shado0 \shadc0 Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://applypixels.com"}}{\fldrslt applypixels.com}} for more design resources, freebies and articles.}