{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf500
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Light;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww16060\viewh16580\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs50 \cf2 Favicon for Sketch 
\f1\b0 2.0
\f0\b \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs40 \cf2 \
About This Resource
\f2\b0\fs30 \
This is a favicon template that makes it easy to design a favicon that looks good in all modern browsers and mobile operating systems. Automatically exports all the required sizes based on the icons created in the template.\
\

\f0\b\fs40 How do I use this?
\f2\b0\fs30 \
In the artboard named 
\f0\b \'91Created Your Icons\'92
\f2\b0  there are two symbols. One for the favicon variants that need a transparent background and one for the favicon variants that work best with a solid background.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf2 Symbol 1:
\f2\b0  Transparent Background Icon\

\f0\b Symbol 2:
\f2\b0  Solid Fill Icon\
\
You need to edit each of these two symbols in order to create a complete set of favicons that work across all browsers and mobile device. To edit a symbol, double click the symbol or go the page containing the symbol. After editing each symbol, the favicons will automatically be rendered on this page.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf2 Export Option 1: 
\f2\b0 Sketch Export\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs30 \cf2 To export all app icon files, click 
\f0\b \'91Export\'92
\f2\b0  in the Sketch toolbar. This will save out a folder named 
\f0\b \'91Favicon Export\'92
\f2\b0  to the destination you select. In this folder you will find all required versions and sizes of your favicon.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li566\fi2\ri-6402\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs40 \cf0 \shad\shadx0\shady50\shadr200\shado0 \shadc0 Visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://applypixels.com"}}{\fldrslt applypixels.com}} for more design resources, freebies and articles.}